# Simon-Says-Game-
The Simon electronic memory skill game,  is a classic game of memory and concentration. Players must replicate sequences of lights and tones generated by the game, which become progressively longer and more challenging as the game advances. The game uses four colored buttons, each producing a unique tone when pressed or activated. The player must repeat the pattern by pressing the buttons in the same order. Failure to replicate the sequence or a delay results in game over4

The	Single-Player	Simon	Game	is	as	follows:	
1. Click	 the	START	buGon	 to	begin,	 the	game	status	indicator	 (the	 red/green	light	below	 the	START	
buGon)	switches	from	RED	to	GREEN.	The	game	will	begin	3s	aWer	the	light	turns	GREEN.	
2. Simon	will	give	the	first	signal	(randomly	flash	a	coloured	buGon).	Repeat	the	signal	by	clicking	the	
same	colour	buGon.	
3. Simon	will	duplicate	 the	first	 signal	and	add	one.	Repeat	 these	 two	 signals	by	clicking	 the	 same	
colour	buGons,	in	order.	
4. Simon	will	duplicate	these	first	two	signals	and	add	one.	
5. ConHnue	playing	as	long	as	you	can	repeat	each	sequence	of	signals	correctly.	AWer	the	5th,	9th	
and	13th	signals	in	a	sequence,	Simon	automaHcally	speeds	up	the	interval	between	signals.	
6. If	 you	 fail	 to	 repeat	 a	 sequence	 exactly,	 or	 if	 you	 take	more	 than	 5	 seconds	 to	 repeat	 a	 signal,	
Simon	responds	by	flashing	all	four	buGons	simultaneously	five	Hmes.		This	means	you	have	lost,	
and	the	sequence	of	signals	ends.	The	game	status	indicator	switches	from	GREEN	to	RED	and	you	
will	have	to	click	START	buGon	to	begin	a	new	game.		
7. Your	progress	(the	number	of	correctly	repeated	signals)	for	the	game	just	completed	(last	game)	
is	shown	in	the	display	to	the	right	of	the	START	buGon.	The	all-Hme	highest	score	is	shown	in	the	
display	to	the	leW	of	the	START	buGon.	
